**To:** Graduate Students

**Date:** September 29, 2021

**Subject:** Stanley Clayes Memorial Award

[[Deadline Monday, October 25^th^ at 4:00 pm]{.underline}]{.mark}

Every year the Department of English sponsors a competition among graduate students for the Stanley Clayes Memorial Award. Prizes will be awarded to outstanding papers written in a graduate course in English in the previous academic year, including both summer terms. We invite papers from classes taken in courses from **fall 2020 through summer 2021**.

Each student may submit only one essay to the competition. *Students who have won first or second place prizes in the past are ineligible to compete again.* Students who have received honorable mention can compete one more time. Essays should be **revised versions** of papers submitted for graduate course work. Only papers written for 400‑level courses may be submitted. *No papers for 501 or 502 will be accepted.*

Papers should be at least 10 but not longer than 25 pages. They should approximate the criteria used by major critical journals. Essays should be well written and carefully proofread. They should reflect research appropriate to the topic and good scholarly practice. Your paper should have a clear methodology and be theoretically sound. Faculty members may read and make suggestions for improving these papers; indeed it is assumed that the essays will have been discussed with the faculty member for whom the paper was written, and possibly with other readers as well.

Faculty members of the Graduate Programs Committee will select the winning papers (which will be read anonymously) and determine the prizes. The amount awarded varies from year to year depending upon the income generated by the gift of Professor Clayes\' estate and the discretion of the Graduate Programs Committee. Winning papers will be presented to the Department at a special Clayes reception hosted by the EGSA on Wednesday November 10^th^.

[Papers are to be submitted via e-mail by **Monday, October 25^th^ at 4 p.m.** Your name must ***not*** appear anywhere on the paper. [Your name, the title of the paper, and the title of the course (with the term and the name of the professor for whom the paper was written) should be sent as a separate file along with the submission]{.underline}. Failure to comply with these rules will result in disqualification. Names of the winners will be announced by early November.]{.mark}
